
1) Explain REST

2) Explain the architectural style for the creation of a web API (client server communication, formatting language, number of servers, etc.)

3) What are the best practices when deploying an application in the cloud

4) What are your best strength : infra ? DB ? web ?
Give us detail about it

5) Among all the projects you have worked on. Which architecture do you enjoy the most? explain why ?

1)  Rest: is an architectural style for an API that uses HTTP requests to access and use data.
 That data can be used to GET, PUT, POST and DELETE data types.
 REST is a logical choice for building APIs that allow users to connect to,
  manage and interact with cloud services flexibly in a distributed environment


2) The Client-server:
A client-server architecture allows a clear separation of concerns.
The client is responsible for requesting and displaying the data while the server is taking care
of data storage and application logic.
One advantage is that both sides can be developed separately as long as the in/out entries format is followed.

Statelessness: Communication between client and server is stateless.

RRSTful APIs have a number of methods to indicate the type of operation we are going to perform with this API:
GET: A safe read-only method that reads a single or a list of resources.
POST: Creates a new resource.
PUT: Completely replaces the resource(s) at the given location with the new data.
PATCH: Merges the resource(s) at the given location with the new data.
DELETE: Deletes the resource(s) at a location.
HEAD: Same as GET but only returns the header and no data.


3) What are the best practices when deploying an application in the cloud
    Microservices architecture.
    Automate:
    Using of (CI/CD) to release high-quality code faster.
    With CI, an automated builds and tests are run on the merged/pushed code changes into a central repository,
    then after the CD release this changes to production.


4) My biggest strength is web.
I am more oriented toward web development, I had the opportunity on my lasts Jobs to develop different features.
Also investing in a bunch of bugs that requires a lot of debugging and log tracing.

5) My last experience was so great, It was a nice opportunity for me to work with Triton: an advertising agency that relies on audio advertising technology.
   With Triton, we had the chance to learn how to work fully remotely by strengthening our relationships within our team.
   we had the chance to deliver so many new features altogether, fixed different bugs, monitor our micro services, deploy into preprod/prod, testing our new features.

